30 1 to 20 is the count legends were
just red-hot last night the second
quarter they outscored the Vipers by
1333 220 and they're down by 10 now and
make it nine as bozeman hits both free
throws very effective free throw shooter
last night and now there's there's
little person of children right here in
front of us Alvin Eli and rice right
exchanging words white is holding
himself back in Eli is really wanting to
get at him Melvin Eli needs to take a
suit before he gets thrown out of this
game he is being pushed away by his
coach eduardo nada and nada would be
wise to get eli out of the game but
white appear to be very cool and calm
with that exchange yeah i'm not sure
what even sparked it but yeah he is
claiming that there was an elbow throne
and eli is glowing across court he was
ready to duke it out and i would really
think there would be a good idea for not
one or both of them to sit down now the
officials are talking this over here
right in front of us it was otto
huddling going on last night among the
three officials and they're trying to
discern whether or not to call a foul on
water boat and the two teams are
separated on the court with their
respective coaches talking it over it's
an official's time out here we'll stay
right here
I think what the end up do is given both
players of technical more than likely
yeah I mean no punches thrown a little
pushing and shoving that's not the end
of the world no harm but we'll see if
there's any files called vipers up 31
222 with 845 ago before half-time Eli
looks like he is settled down somewhat
Eli got right in Roy White's face I mean
right in his face and had to be
restrained he's 610 260 pounds and
you've got Roy white at 68 to 70 there's
a couple heavyweights oh yeah you know
more soon as that is a felony laser he's
a veteran he's 35 years old he's a grown
man he's not going to take a 21 22 year
old kid coming through both upper
getting kicked out of the game at least
that's where I read the lips of the the
official both upper getting booted wow
you know we had our focus attended
attention we focused our attention on
where the ball was and this happened
away from the ball Mel and Eli is trying
to plead his case with Jason Goldberg
and I think they probably are saying the
best thing for both teams is to have
them both hit the showers early this is
really the first time I've seen that
happen you know there's a lot of contact
in this in this Sun in this game as most
basketball fans will for agree to but
Eli takes a long walk to the dressing
room
and our Obrecht is probably going to
have to come back in weather there you
go another another big guy for the
Vipers unable to play